Welcome to the underworld, or what is becoming the bridge between our world and the one below. This is Pac’s Revenge, an FPS game designed to recapture that classic retro style, created by ByteSize Games.  You were researching something that should have stayed locked away. Now, a dark evil is taking over your world, and you need to fight back. Find the nearest gun and jam out to some intense heavy metal as you fight your way through the facility, facing many demonic creatures along the way. Reach the center of the facility and confront the source of the evil. Will you succeed in saving your world, or will you fall into demonic corruption?

Fight Grotesque Monsters

The world of Pac's Revenge has many monsters to face. The creatures of the world have been corrupted by some dark evil, turning them into grotesque abominations that only want to kill. Your job is to destroy every last one of them by blasting their brains out.

Use Multiple Kinds of Weapons

You have many weapons in your arsenal to fight this evil. From a non-lethal rechargeable stun gun to a powerful railgun, there is a choice for any playstyle to dominate everything in sight.

Jam to Heavy Metal

As the icing on the cake, as you blast your way through the many monsters, jam out to an intense original soundtrack, truly putting you into the mood to destroy.

Experience Endless Mode

After going through the story mode, unlock the endless mode, a rogue-lite mode designed to test your skills as the corruption slowly takes over the map. Every round, you must choose an upgrade or new weapon AND a punishment, making the maps more and more dangerous. How far can you make it?

Try Multiple Difficulties

There are three difficulty options to play: Baby, Normal, and Nightmare. 

Baby mode is for those who can't handle normal gameplay and need a handicap. 

Normal mode is the intended gameplay experience, balancing fun and difficulty.

Nightmare mode is for those who want a challenge and love to suffer. We don't even know if it is beatable (just kidding, we do)

Gain All Achievements

Pac's Revenge offers many achievements to unlock as you play through the game. We designed them to be natural extensions of the gameplay. As gamers ourselves, we know how satisfying it is to 100% a game, so this is for you.

About the Team

Pac's Revenge is being created by ByteSize Games, a team of four dreamers trying to provide fun entertainment through games.